Update options.md (#68)
yihui/yihui.org: content/knitr/options.md

show_toc: true
---

The **knitr** package has most of the same options as Sweave, but some were
dropped or changed and some new options were added. The default values are in
parentheses below. Note that the chunk label for each chunk is assumed

> to be unique, i.e. no two chunks should share the same label. This is especially

Reviewer: It is no longer necessary to mention Sweave here: knitr was created to replace Sweave, and I guess it has done its job long time ago :)

important for cache and plot filenames. Chunks without labels will be
assigned labels like `unnamed-chunk-i` where `i` is an incremental number.

# Chunk Options

> Take Rnw files as an example, usually we write chunk options in the form

Reviewer: The example below is not Rnw, but Rmd.

```suggestion
Take Rmd files as an example. Usually we write chunk options in the form
```

`tag=value` like this:

````r 
```{r, mychunk, cache=TRUE, eval=FALSE, dpi=100}
```
````

> And `opts_chunk$set()` can change the default global options of a document

Reviewer: I feel `in` is more appropriate here (or `inside`).

(e.g., put this in a code chunk: `knitr::opts_chunk$set(comment=NA, fig.width=6,
fig.height=6)`). A few special notes on the options:

> 1. Chunk options must be written in one line and no line breaks are allowed

Reviewer: I prefer short sentences.

```suggestion
1. Chunk options must be written on one line. No line breaks are allowed
```

  inside chunk options.
1. Avoid spaces ` ` and periods `.` in chunk labels and directory names. If
  your output is a TeX document, these characters can cause problems (in
  general it is recommended to use alphabetic characters with words
  separated by `-` and avoid other characters). For example, `setup-options`
  is a good label, whereas `setup.options` and `chunk 1` are bad;
  `fig.path='figures/mcmc-'` is a good prefix for figure output and `fig.path='markov chain/monte carlo'` is bad.
  Non-alphanumeric characters except `-` and `_` in figure filenames will be

>   replaced with `_` automatically.

Reviewer: Actually this is true only for Rnw documents, so I'd rather not mention the substitution at all.

1. All option values must be _valid R expressions_ just like how we write
  function arguments.
  - For example, options that take _character_ values must be quoted as you
    do in R (e.g., you should write `fig.path="abc"` instead of `fig.path=abc`
    and `out.width='\\textwidth'` instead of `out.width=\textwidth`).

>   - In theory, the chunk label should be quoted as well. But, for the sake of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In theory, the chunk label should be quoted as well. However, for the sake of
```

    convenience, it will be automatically quoted if you did not
    (e.g., ```` ```{r, 2a}```` will become ```` ```{r, '2a'}````).
  - For logical options, `TRUE` and `FALSE` are OK, but `true`/`false` will
    not work as you might expect because `true` is not `TRUE`.
  - You can write arbitrarily complicated expressions as long as
    they are legitimate R code.
  - Sweave users, please read the [transition page](../demo/sweave/)

>     carefully because the syntax is different.

Reviewer: Let's just get rid of this bullet about Sweave.
